today in Milan we presented the
new live tablet family
we hold the smart vote for you
our solution for users will smell
so why the consumer user who does not
disdains the use of the tablet from time to time
also in the professional field o
vice versa professional user than of
so much in Toulouse also in the field
consumer street of a smart object like
says the name itself because in only 9
millimeters thick
we managed to fit the new one
technology in the clover trail then
x86 platform can support
windows 8
so with windows 8 it is possible to do
finally on the dowler all that is
possible to do
a look rather than a desktop e
this big plus of this object
because to date the user experience of
tablet has always been confined
a user probably more consumer
the fact of being able to enter the company e
recognize the corporate domain to be able
read the company network folders
makes this tablet
finally a complete device is
absolutely transversal for the
uses of a user as mentioned are 10
inches of screen with super technology
to ips the glass that protects this
screen is a corning fit then
ultra- resistant scratch-resistant e
of this object we can boast of
give two basic specifications
first is that it will be available on the market
with 64gb of memory then the top of
range for what you can think of today
at the level of storage space up
on the second tablet will come on the market
at 549 euros will come to the market at
end of November or early December
we are defining the last details with
a particular thing only for users
Italians who will be the kasko insurance
then the damage insurance
accidental included in the valid price
for the first year of ownership of the device